Canvas docs revamp (#4362)
beeware/toga: docs/en/reference/api/widgets/canvas.md

## Notes

- Toga does not guarantee pixel perfect rendering of Canvas content across all platforms. Most drawing instructions will appear identical across all platforms, and in the worst case, any given set of drawing instructions should result in a fundamentally similar image. However, text and other complex curve and line geometries (such as miters on tight corners) will result in minor discrepancies between platforms. Color rendition can also vary slightly between platforms depending on the color profiles of the device being used to render the canvas.

- The Canvas API allows the use of handlers to respond to mouse/pointer events. These event handlers differentiate between "primary" and "alternate" modes of activation. When a mouse is in use, alternate activation will usually be interpreted as a "right click"; however, platforms may not implement an alternate activation mode. To ensure cross-platform compatibility, applications should not use the alternate press handlers as the sole mechanism for accessing critical functionality.

## Advanced usage

> It's also possible to reach beyond the HTML Canvas-based API documented here, and interact directly with the underlying structure that Canvas uses to store the series of drawing operations it's performed. This allows you to modify the rendered result nonlinearly, going "back in time" to change previous instructions. For more information, see the documentation for [DrawingAction](/reference/api/data-representation/drawingaction.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to reach beyond the HTML Canvas-based API documented here, and interact directly with the underlying structure that Canvas uses to store the series of drawing operations it's performed. This allows you to modify the rendered result non-linearly, going "back in time" to change previous instructions. For more information, see the documentation for [DrawingAction](/reference/api/data-representation/drawingaction.md).
```
